Update _clickhouse_mysql_on_premise_setup.mdx to include listen_host (#1720)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/_snippets/_clickhouse_mysql_on_premise_setup.mdx

+--------------------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)
Read 4 rows, 603.00 B in 0.00156 sec., 2564 rows/sec., 377.48 KiB/sec.
```

> Finally, configure the Clickhouse Server to listen on the desired IP address(es)
> e.g. in `config.xml`, uncomment out the following to listen on all addresses
> ```bash
> <listen_host>::</listen_host> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Finally, configure the Clickhouse Server to listen on the desired IP address(es). For example, in `config.xml`, uncomment out the following to listen on all addresses:

```bash
<listen_host>::</listen_host> 
```
````
